README.md, before:

# Awesome Thinkerview [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> A curated list of the "best" [Thinkerview](https://thinkerview.com/) interviews

## Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Interviews](#interviews)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)

## Introduction

There are plenty of interviews for now, but not all of them are _that_ interesting. Let's regroup the best ones here then !

Feel free to **contribute** with [pull requests](https://github.com/HorlogeSkynet/awesome-thinkerview/pulls), or **discuss existing or missing interviews** with [issues](https://github.com/HorlogeSkynet/awesome-thinkerview/issues/new) :wink:

Interviews are classified according to a **descendant chronological order**.

> As _Thinkerview_ is a French think-tank, you'll understand why **most of the videos proposed below are in French**.

## Interviews

| Guest(s)                                                         | Description                                                        | PeerTube                                                                            | YouTube                                             |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------: |
| **Virginie MARTIN**                                              | _Les politiques, l'important c'est pas la chute ?_                 | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/226f7856-e980-45c6-b2d0-c5197563918e) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgmLorXQpNM) |
| **Delphine BATHO**                                               | _La religion de la croissance économique ?_                        | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/544b3ebc-ee92-4a43-8794-b22b248182b0) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_fsNDjhwks) |
| **Marc ENDEWELD**                                                | _Macron : les réseaux secrets ?_                                   | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/a0cb4c97-81a1-4f85-bda1-72b0c235a75d) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvfXlbk-n9c) |
| **Guillaume PITRON**                                             | _L'enfumage de la transition écologique ?_                         | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/e2c651bb-b695-4986-915f-e61c3bcbdb78) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lHTHINmNVk) |
| **Christophe BRUSSET**                                           | _L'agroalimentaire vu de l'intérieur, intoxication ?_              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/62ca5fa5-20b9-4b1e-b13f-b464956c3b49) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXXp-PVQ0HQ) |
| **Bruno GACCIO**                                                 | _Médias, les nouveaux GUIGNOLS ?_                                  | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/46242445-5349-427e-bc9c-ecd35b0aa1a1) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFk_w_N2xXM) |
| **Maxime RENAHY**                                                | _DGSE : l'impuissance de l'État ?_                                 | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/af8594ad-41aa-4d32-8e96-42452cd8c129) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uj83ZmfT4Dw) |
| **Éric DÉNÉCÉ**                                                  | _La France en danger : où en est le renseignement ?_               | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/44a1b2f4-a939-454c-865f-8a97a9e01d2e) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mx5QlspmmE8) |
| **Frédéric PIERUCCI**                                            | _Alstom : La France vendue à la découpe ?_                         | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/0266c1a1-439e-4331-8c23-9d11776b485a) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dejeVuL9-7c) |
| **Laurent ALEXANDRE** & **Philippe BIHOUIX**                     | _Débat : L'avenir de l'humanité ?_                                 | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/4cadaa9d-10cd-468e-8d41-afeceb946273) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iuBVin9oOk) |
| **Monique PINÇON-CHARLOT**                                       | _Casse sociale, le début ?_                                        | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/8ccfac95-7576-4c3a-92ab-1110311bd98a) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnHUyRfY3Wc) |
| **Barbara STIEGLER**                                             | _S'adapter à une société malade ?_                                 | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/40b28272-62de-4b68-8205-7f52294043c3) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSSFmNHgJQQ) |
| **Jean-Luc MÉLENCHON**                                           | _Face à la réalité ?_                                              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/6777c728-ad2c-4f6f-83f7-b685ecd256f6) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9y3aC0LruiQ) |
| **Alain DAMASIO**                                                | _L'intuition de la science-fiction ?_                              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/d3472aea-41dd-43bd-bffe-b5e383cf1a74) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7KapmsJQOE) |
| **Noam ANOUAR**                                                  | _Lucidité face aux terrorismes_                                    | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/76bd8597-87b1-4e9d-bdfc-a7d66d00308a) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNS7tA7Nhkw) |
| **Gaël GIRAUD**                                                  | _Tsunami financier, désastre humanitaire ?_                        | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/4bfcca93-596c-47aa-9f61-5e03a4a3df7a) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oFARgqG0NA) |
| **Juan BRANCO**                                                  | _L'illusion de la démocratie en France ?_                          | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/248fdb2b-452e-49cc-8807-dcf8f87d3b9f) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEtmZKE5jhw) |
| **Aymeric CARON**                                                | _Société à bout de souffle ?_                                      | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/2a275a9c-98a1-484d-8bab-3f8260dc2a68) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcBglTuSLcs) |
| **Francis DUPUIS-DÉRI**                                          | _Démocratie : Marketing politique pour les pauvres ?_              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/29c51111-1cec-4791-9d3d-f154c47631e8) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wF5FMUtHDM) |
| **François BOULO**                                               | _Gilets Jaunes : Avant la révolution ?_                            | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/f8a9c4db-a42e-43f3-ab2c-b492fd0d8021) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRl9_q2ytI8) |
| **François BÉGAUDEAU**                                           | _Gilets Jaunes, Populisme, Bourgeois_                              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/ba7665ee-548f-44a6-a8d1-29afa00a45f0) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPfXLUThC6M) |
| **Natacha POLONY**                                               | _Journalisme et #LigueduLOL_                                       | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/3a9fae39-92e1-4ee5-bbad-fc1eee902422) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=no_KeDQ1eqQ) |
| **Alexandre LANGLOIS**                                           | _Violences policières et Gilets Jaunes_                            | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/fd2df890-206b-45da-9efb-5462eab3a2e7) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_yerNHpxQ4) |
| **Vincent CESPEDES**                                             | _Gilets Jaunes : Comprendre la violence ?_                         | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/64a86718-b426-45ae-a86d-246c16d9b615) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQw_fKFLoqk) |
| **Denis ROBERT**                                                 | _Les milliardaires gavés au sang des Gilets Jaunes ?_              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/ded6b5b8-a952-450c-96e7-78a46d0f5d1c) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5vAzJpyvCI) |
| **Jacques SAPIR**, **Olivier BERRUYER** & **Olivier DELAMARCHE** | _Gilets Jaunes : Le début de la fin pour l'UE ?_                   | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/71cf08af-d286-4704-84db-0181fda56df6) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoJ2fCJxAyw) |
| **Carbon DE SEZE**                                               | _Une Justice sous Macron ?_                                        | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/0c485e22-0b71-48a3-91b3-20065e667ef3) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEG7QQKZ3jQ) |
| **Kémi SÉBA**                                                    | _Panafricanisme 2.0 ?_                                             | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/78baf4b8-62f1-46f6-b02a-fa4d87966d65) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQPjPeeP9dI) |
| **Olivier DELAMARCHE**, **Pierre SABATIER** & **Alain JUILLET**  | _École de Guerre : L'état du monde_                                | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/ed9d1917-3335-401f-9ee5-1eea9078605b) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82cgWGlrAyE) |
| **Isabelle ATTARD**                                              | _Ex-députée écolo : sans langue de bois ?_                         | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/ba9ba9dd-f5cd-4cb2-96b5-e7c4c44abf02) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMJbD7Yjfuc) |
| **Aurélien BARRAU**                                              | _Quand la Science appelle à l'aide pour l'humanité ?_              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/b7a2788a-677a-4af5-9863-e38c64dafd43) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO4q9oVrWWw) |
| **Antoine CHAMPAGNE** & **Olivier LAURELLI**                     | _Surveillance, Hacker et Journaliste_                              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/a2862a4b-6eb8-4a6e-83d2-684db6ca65d3) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4MiF4AWtsw) |
| **François RUFFIN**                                              | _Journaliste VS Politique ?_                                       | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/32fcd6b4-4559-4c63-9f38-59d90a874d2b) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0je4ji8o1M) |
| **Alain DENEAULT**                                               | _Le langage au service des puissants ?_                            | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/d5bf10ec-55c3-4ac8-aad9-6e4b492fe951) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBdj4Z0FtZU) |
| **Artem STUDENNIKOV**                                            | _Ambassade de Russie, espions, guerre froide sans filtre_          | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/3de7ef38-b436-456c-a6fc-268c07a54f4d) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iiXPA6Ux2Q) |
| **Olivier DELAMARCHE**, **Pierre SABATIER** & **Charles GAVE**   | _Géopolitique, macroéconomie sans filtre_                          | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/39851fcd-ac55-4c7c-993a-e878f91dcf68) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oshQeyarrY8) |
| **Natacha POLONY**                                               | _Journalistes et médias sous contrôles ?_                          | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/e878fe10-dd38-458d-b7e7-59a44148dc49) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47mqPCR5dI8) |
| **Pablo SERVIGNE**                                               | _Effondrement de la civilisation ?_                                | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/36f87fd2-3976-4c24-bd25-0e33ab5fdb7b) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xziAeW7l6w) |
| **Idriss ABERKANE**                                              | _∅_                                                                | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/d7043e51-c931-44e2-9b26-f74c15fa9497) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrQ0dSusGrQ) |
| **Jean-Pierre CANET** & **David KOUBBI**                         | _Journalistes et liberté d'expression en danger ?_                 | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/c5546e88-3af9-46f8-8c2b-04e9d0bd3307) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYzP5544K20) |
| **Étienne KLEIN**                                                | _Éthique et philosophie des sciences, le rôle des scientifiques ?_ | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/0bdbf2e5-8820-46d6-8447-214b3445fce6) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIwtT8cAAKI) |
| **Philippe BIHOUIX**                                             | _Le mensonge de la croissance verte ?_                             | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/0c8c66e9-f4ce-4cb3-946d-8d92a7072de1) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx9S8gvNKkA) |
| **Périco LÉGASSE**                                               | _Malbouffe et Mondialisation ?_                                    | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/c1fb5cda-0137-4136-955a-2fc6f0995df6) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SkHrhxaFxE) |
| **Jean-Marc JANCOVICI**                                          | _Anticiper l'effondrement énergétique ?_                           | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/957988b6-1972-4661-a0f8-dff9bf34ef53) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fp6aJZQldFs) |
| **Marc Luyckx GHISI**                                            | _Changement de Civilisation ?_                                     | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/4d015bb2-1a0c-45c9-b059-0ce1d71d3b13) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDRzEdRQF5s) |
| **Laurent ALEXANDRE**                                            | _Intelligence artificielle_                                        | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/9de4317c-3696-493b-8f5f-b4ab1aa53985) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QS951xiGGvI) |
| **Bruno PARMENTIER**                                             | _Nourrir l'humanité ?_                                             | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/754b42cc-b4d8-4fc8-a29a-8ef9dff00de1) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9VGz9Lrt70) |
| **Philippe PASCOT**                                              | _Corruption et Politique_                                          | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/4511e6cd-770d-41c3-a5dc-e0647fc03ce0) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlZsdVgf8Ww) |
| **Olivier DELAMARCHE**                                           | _Analyste financier_                                               | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/66bf8961-9ea9-4194-82f8-68d2bf61d14f) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6xoUHRHkFc) |
| **Étienne CHOUARD**                                              | _∅_                                                                | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/f8fe3e5e-d2ef-487a-a89c-6cef53c0e652) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DROqR_7EKvs) |
| **Benjamin BAYART**                                              | _Grand Sorcier de l'Internet option vie privée_                    | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/c2e47e17-806a-4b9d-a596-81e46de8ec32) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBsLSfPs2PE) |
| **Juan BRANCO**                                                  | _Avocat de Wikileaks_                                              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/ba346955-5305-4f66-81b5-33a393347441) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBaAvHxdShw) |
| **DATAGUEULE**                                                   | _∅_                                                                | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/b308b8d5-027e-4e19-bc42-18238f52c628) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=507HStKtw-I) |

## Authors

- Damien CADIOU
- Samuel FORESTIER

## Disclaimer

We **are not** part of the Thinkerview group.  
_Thinkerview_ is a **registered name** and **belongs to its respective owners**.

The **ideas presented above belong to their respective owners**, and are only proposed for **educational and informational purposes**.

## License

[![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, the authors have waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Implements a `bump` NPM command and documents project "meta" in README

README.md, after:

# Awesome Thinkerview [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> A curated list of the "best" [Thinkerview](https://thinkerview.com/) interviews

## Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Interviews](#interviews)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
- [Project Meta](#project-meta)

## Introduction

There are plenty of interviews for now, but not all of them are _that_ interesting. Let's regroup the best ones here then !

Feel free to **contribute** with [pull requests](https://github.com/HorlogeSkynet/awesome-thinkerview/pulls), or **discuss existing or missing interviews** with [issues](https://github.com/HorlogeSkynet/awesome-thinkerview/issues/new) :wink:

Interviews are classified according to a **descendant chronological order**.

> As _Thinkerview_ is a French think-tank, you'll understand why **most of the videos proposed below are in French**.

## Interviews

| Guest(s)                                                         | Description                                                        | PeerTube                                                                            | YouTube                                             |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------: |
| **Virginie MARTIN**                                              | _Les politiques, l'important c'est pas la chute ?_                 | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/226f7856-e980-45c6-b2d0-c5197563918e) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgmLorXQpNM) |
| **Delphine BATHO**                                               | _La religion de la croissance économique ?_                        | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/544b3ebc-ee92-4a43-8794-b22b248182b0) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_fsNDjhwks) |
| **Marc ENDEWELD**                                                | _Macron : les réseaux secrets ?_                                   | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/a0cb4c97-81a1-4f85-bda1-72b0c235a75d) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvfXlbk-n9c) |
| **Guillaume PITRON**                                             | _L'enfumage de la transition écologique ?_                         | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/e2c651bb-b695-4986-915f-e61c3bcbdb78) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lHTHINmNVk) |
| **Christophe BRUSSET**                                           | _L'agroalimentaire vu de l'intérieur, intoxication ?_              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/62ca5fa5-20b9-4b1e-b13f-b464956c3b49) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXXp-PVQ0HQ) |
| **Bruno GACCIO**                                                 | _Médias, les nouveaux GUIGNOLS ?_                                  | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/46242445-5349-427e-bc9c-ecd35b0aa1a1) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFk_w_N2xXM) |
| **Maxime RENAHY**                                                | _DGSE : l'impuissance de l'État ?_                                 | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/af8594ad-41aa-4d32-8e96-42452cd8c129) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uj83ZmfT4Dw) |
| **Éric DÉNÉCÉ**                                                  | _La France en danger : où en est le renseignement ?_               | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/44a1b2f4-a939-454c-865f-8a97a9e01d2e) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mx5QlspmmE8) |
| **Frédéric PIERUCCI**                                            | _Alstom : La France vendue à la découpe ?_                         | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/0266c1a1-439e-4331-8c23-9d11776b485a) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dejeVuL9-7c) |
| **Laurent ALEXANDRE** & **Philippe BIHOUIX**                     | _Débat : L'avenir de l'humanité ?_                                 | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/4cadaa9d-10cd-468e-8d41-afeceb946273) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iuBVin9oOk) |
| **Monique PINÇON-CHARLOT**                                       | _Casse sociale, le début ?_                                        | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/8ccfac95-7576-4c3a-92ab-1110311bd98a) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnHUyRfY3Wc) |
| **Barbara STIEGLER**                                             | _S'adapter à une société malade ?_                                 | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/40b28272-62de-4b68-8205-7f52294043c3) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSSFmNHgJQQ) |
| **Jean-Luc MÉLENCHON**                                           | _Face à la réalité ?_                                              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/6777c728-ad2c-4f6f-83f7-b685ecd256f6) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9y3aC0LruiQ) |
| **Alain DAMASIO**                                                | _L'intuition de la science-fiction ?_                              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/d3472aea-41dd-43bd-bffe-b5e383cf1a74) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7KapmsJQOE) |
| **Noam ANOUAR**                                                  | _Lucidité face aux terrorismes_                                    | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/76bd8597-87b1-4e9d-bdfc-a7d66d00308a) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNS7tA7Nhkw) |
| **Gaël GIRAUD**                                                  | _Tsunami financier, désastre humanitaire ?_                        | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/4bfcca93-596c-47aa-9f61-5e03a4a3df7a) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oFARgqG0NA) |
| **Juan BRANCO**                                                  | _L'illusion de la démocratie en France ?_                          | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/248fdb2b-452e-49cc-8807-dcf8f87d3b9f) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEtmZKE5jhw) |
| **Aymeric CARON**                                                | _Société à bout de souffle ?_                                      | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/2a275a9c-98a1-484d-8bab-3f8260dc2a68) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcBglTuSLcs) |
| **Francis DUPUIS-DÉRI**                                          | _Démocratie : Marketing politique pour les pauvres ?_              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/29c51111-1cec-4791-9d3d-f154c47631e8) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wF5FMUtHDM) |
| **François BOULO**                                               | _Gilets Jaunes : Avant la révolution ?_                            | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/f8a9c4db-a42e-43f3-ab2c-b492fd0d8021) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRl9_q2ytI8) |
| **François BÉGAUDEAU**                                           | _Gilets Jaunes, Populisme, Bourgeois_                              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/ba7665ee-548f-44a6-a8d1-29afa00a45f0) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPfXLUThC6M) |
| **Natacha POLONY**                                               | _Journalisme et #LigueduLOL_                                       | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/3a9fae39-92e1-4ee5-bbad-fc1eee902422) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=no_KeDQ1eqQ) |
| **Alexandre LANGLOIS**                                           | _Violences policières et Gilets Jaunes_                            | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/fd2df890-206b-45da-9efb-5462eab3a2e7) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_yerNHpxQ4) |
| **Vincent CESPEDES**                                             | _Gilets Jaunes : Comprendre la violence ?_                         | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/64a86718-b426-45ae-a86d-246c16d9b615) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQw_fKFLoqk) |
| **Denis ROBERT**                                                 | _Les milliardaires gavés au sang des Gilets Jaunes ?_              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/ded6b5b8-a952-450c-96e7-78a46d0f5d1c) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5vAzJpyvCI) |
| **Jacques SAPIR**, **Olivier BERRUYER** & **Olivier DELAMARCHE** | _Gilets Jaunes : Le début de la fin pour l'UE ?_                   | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/71cf08af-d286-4704-84db-0181fda56df6) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoJ2fCJxAyw) |
| **Carbon DE SEZE**                                               | _Une Justice sous Macron ?_                                        | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/0c485e22-0b71-48a3-91b3-20065e667ef3) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEG7QQKZ3jQ) |
| **Kémi SÉBA**                                                    | _Panafricanisme 2.0 ?_                                             | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/78baf4b8-62f1-46f6-b02a-fa4d87966d65) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQPjPeeP9dI) |
| **Olivier DELAMARCHE**, **Pierre SABATIER** & **Alain JUILLET**  | _École de Guerre : L'état du monde_                                | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/ed9d1917-3335-401f-9ee5-1eea9078605b) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82cgWGlrAyE) |
| **Isabelle ATTARD**                                              | _Ex-députée écolo : sans langue de bois ?_                         | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/ba9ba9dd-f5cd-4cb2-96b5-e7c4c44abf02) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMJbD7Yjfuc) |
| **Aurélien BARRAU**                                              | _Quand la Science appelle à l'aide pour l'humanité ?_              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/b7a2788a-677a-4af5-9863-e38c64dafd43) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO4q9oVrWWw) |
| **Antoine CHAMPAGNE** & **Olivier LAURELLI**                     | _Surveillance, Hacker et Journaliste_                              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/a2862a4b-6eb8-4a6e-83d2-684db6ca65d3) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4MiF4AWtsw) |
| **François RUFFIN**                                              | _Journaliste VS Politique ?_                                       | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/32fcd6b4-4559-4c63-9f38-59d90a874d2b) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0je4ji8o1M) |
| **Alain DENEAULT**                                               | _Le langage au service des puissants ?_                            | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/d5bf10ec-55c3-4ac8-aad9-6e4b492fe951) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBdj4Z0FtZU) |
| **Artem STUDENNIKOV**                                            | _Ambassade de Russie, espions, guerre froide sans filtre_          | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/3de7ef38-b436-456c-a6fc-268c07a54f4d) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iiXPA6Ux2Q) |
| **Olivier DELAMARCHE**, **Pierre SABATIER** & **Charles GAVE**   | _Géopolitique, macroéconomie sans filtre_                          | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/39851fcd-ac55-4c7c-993a-e878f91dcf68) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oshQeyarrY8) |
| **Natacha POLONY**                                               | _Journalistes et médias sous contrôles ?_                          | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/e878fe10-dd38-458d-b7e7-59a44148dc49) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47mqPCR5dI8) |
| **Pablo SERVIGNE**                                               | _Effondrement de la civilisation ?_                                | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/36f87fd2-3976-4c24-bd25-0e33ab5fdb7b) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xziAeW7l6w) |
| **Idriss ABERKANE**                                              | _∅_                                                                | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/d7043e51-c931-44e2-9b26-f74c15fa9497) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrQ0dSusGrQ) |
| **Jean-Pierre CANET** & **David KOUBBI**                         | _Journalistes et liberté d'expression en danger ?_                 | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/c5546e88-3af9-46f8-8c2b-04e9d0bd3307) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYzP5544K20) |
| **Étienne KLEIN**                                                | _Éthique et philosophie des sciences, le rôle des scientifiques ?_ | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/0bdbf2e5-8820-46d6-8447-214b3445fce6) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIwtT8cAAKI) |
| **Philippe BIHOUIX**                                             | _Le mensonge de la croissance verte ?_                             | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/0c8c66e9-f4ce-4cb3-946d-8d92a7072de1) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx9S8gvNKkA) |
| **Périco LÉGASSE**                                               | _Malbouffe et Mondialisation ?_                                    | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/c1fb5cda-0137-4136-955a-2fc6f0995df6) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SkHrhxaFxE) |
| **Jean-Marc JANCOVICI**                                          | _Anticiper l'effondrement énergétique ?_                           | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/957988b6-1972-4661-a0f8-dff9bf34ef53) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fp6aJZQldFs) |
| **Marc Luyckx GHISI**                                            | _Changement de Civilisation ?_                                     | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/4d015bb2-1a0c-45c9-b059-0ce1d71d3b13) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDRzEdRQF5s) |
| **Laurent ALEXANDRE**                                            | _Intelligence artificielle_                                        | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/9de4317c-3696-493b-8f5f-b4ab1aa53985) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QS951xiGGvI) |
| **Bruno PARMENTIER**                                             | _Nourrir l'humanité ?_                                             | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/754b42cc-b4d8-4fc8-a29a-8ef9dff00de1) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9VGz9Lrt70) |
| **Philippe PASCOT**                                              | _Corruption et Politique_                                          | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/4511e6cd-770d-41c3-a5dc-e0647fc03ce0) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlZsdVgf8Ww) |
| **Olivier DELAMARCHE**                                           | _Analyste financier_                                               | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/66bf8961-9ea9-4194-82f8-68d2bf61d14f) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6xoUHRHkFc) |
| **Étienne CHOUARD**                                              | _∅_                                                                | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/f8fe3e5e-d2ef-487a-a89c-6cef53c0e652) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DROqR_7EKvs) |
| **Benjamin BAYART**                                              | _Grand Sorcier de l'Internet option vie privée_                    | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/c2e47e17-806a-4b9d-a596-81e46de8ec32) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBsLSfPs2PE) |
| **Juan BRANCO**                                                  | _Avocat de Wikileaks_                                              | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/ba346955-5305-4f66-81b5-33a393347441) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBaAvHxdShw) |
| **DATAGUEULE**                                                   | _∅_                                                                | [Link](https://thinkerview.video/videos/watch/b308b8d5-027e-4e19-bc42-18238f52c628) | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=507HStKtw-I) |

## Authors

- Damien CADIOU
- Samuel FORESTIER

## Disclaimer

We **are not** part of the Thinkerview group.  
_Thinkerview_ is a **registered name** and **belongs to its respective owners**.

The **ideas presented above belong to their respective owners**, and are only proposed for **educational and informational purposes**.

## Project Meta

### License

[![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, the authors have waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

### Versioning

This project follows a [CalVer](https://calver.org/) versioning scheme (`YYYY.0M_MICRO`).

Within a [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) environment, it's possible to draft a new version by running `npm run bump`.  
If you want to publish a _fix_ for the current version, please bump the micro segment this way : `MICRO=2 npm run bump`.

### Linting / Continuous Integration

Automatic linting is performed with [awesome-lint](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-lint).  
Please try to run it locally before submitting any changes : `npm run test`.
